Apply opinionated defaults to LogoSuite (#691)
primer/brand: .changeset/silent-scissors-suffer.md

---
'@primer/brand-primitives': minor
'@primer/react-brand': minor
---

⚠️ This update contains a breaking change.

- Added new `default` variant to `LogoSuite` component which automatically applies `emphasis` or `muted` styles depending on the number of logos in the suite. 5 or fewer uses `emphasis`, 6 or more uses `muted`.
- Reduced `LogoSuite` size on mobile viewports.

> - Removed `--brand-LogoSuite-logobar-rowGap` token and replaced it with two new tokens. `--brand-LogoSuite-logobar-rowGap-mobile` is used on mobile viewports, and `--brand-LogoSuite-logobar-rowGap-default` is used on all other viewports.

Reviewer: This is no longer relevant?

```suggestion
```

---
'@primer/brand-primitives': minor
'@primer/react-brand': minor
---

> ⚠️ This update contains a breaking change.

Reviewer: Is the breaking change still valid following recent changes? If it is, could we be more specific about whether it's a visual one vs API? Guessing it's the former, in which case we should give the user a nudge about what to look for. 

Example you can reference from another recent change: https://github.com/primer/brand/pull/616/files#diff-bf4a5c10ff09f2964e747a5873b4c1b2124a813202d314f69effbc3de1faf3dfR7-R8

Author: I've updated the changeset, let me know what you think 👍

> - Added new default behaviour to the `variant` prop of the `LogoSuite` component. If `variant` is not provided then either `emphasis` or `muted` styles are automatically applied depending on the number of logos in the suite. 5 or fewer uses `emphasis`, 6 or more uses `muted`.

Reviewer: Minor stylistic/grammatical change around using numerals, particularly at the start of a sentence.

```suggestion
- Added new default behaviour to the `variant` prop of the `LogoSuite` component. If `variant` is `undefined` then either `emphasis` or `muted` styles are automatically applied depending on the number of logos in the `LogoBar`. Five or fewer logos apply the `emphasis` style, while six or more use the `muted` style.

```

Author: Added, thanks!
